This is the first file created.

update


Manual Testing?
    Writing and executing the testcase without any help of tool support.
    Test case document will have the steps.

Automation testing:
    write and execute test script  with help of tool. eg: selenium

What is Testing?  process of evaluating a system.

who does the  testing?
   1. devloper will also do testing that is called as unit testing.
   2. Manager will also do testing that is called as exploratory testing.
   3. user will also do that is called UAT- User Acceptance Testing

When to do the testing?
    => Bulid Ready.
    => Once the test case document is written and approved we can perform testing.
    => Setup the environment.
    => Test Data.
    => In the inital stage of SDLC

When to stop the Testing?
    => When all the test case are executed and ther is no high severity and high preority defect.
    => Management decides to stop testing.

Different  between Testing and de-bugging:
     => Testing is the process to find defect without correcting (Done by Tester)
     => Debugging is to find the defect and correct the code (Done by developer)

SDLC - Software Development life Cycle.
--------------------------------------
Stuctured process -6 phases
To deliver a high quality product, with low cost and in the shorest possiable duration of time.

1.Requirment Analysis and Planing:

     BA - Business analysit -> They will collect all the details from the client and prepare a document called
          BRS ( Business Requirment specification)
     BA's will conduct meeting with Tech leads and discuss about the requirment
     only if the Tech leads are ok, they will prepare 

     1.FRS(Functional Requirement Specification) -> It contains all the functionality details e.g:Login Functionlity ,sign up functionality
     2.SRS(Software Requirement Specification) -> What needs in login functionality , like what fields needs to be present.
        once the SRS Document is ready, we can start writting the test case.

2.Design:

      During this phase 2 documents will be prepared 
         1.HLD(High Level Desgin Document)
            => Contains overall architecture
            => Prepared by Domain expert ( Solution Architect)
            => They will also design table and Database as well

         2. LLD (low level design document)
            =>Convert all the high level information to low level i.e: detailed description

3.Development:

     => Development  Team write the code and once the bulid is ready it will be given to testing team.

4.Testing:
       Tester will do End- to-End testing.
       STLC- Software TEsting Lifecycle.

5.Deployment

6.Maintenance phase


1.Req analysis:

BA  -->collects the req from the client and analyse it
BRS --> Business Req Specification document -->prepared by BA
BRS contains all the business req's which is collected from the client

BA conduct a meeeting with the technical leads, discuss about the req's with them.
If the technical leads have some doubts they will clarify with the BA.
Once the technical leads are ok with the req's they will prepare 2 documents:
1.FRS  -->  Functional Req Specification document which contains all the functionalities explained in a detailed way
in a flow chart representation

FRS is an answer for how to reach the expectancy of BRS. 

ex: Gmail app  --->  Login, Home page, compose email, sent mail, trash,spam,starred,outbox,primary,social, etc.,

2.SRS  --> Software Req Specification document

Field specification --> In the functionality each field gets described in a detailed way:
1.Login
In the login, UN,PWD,forgot password these are the fields available.These fields gets described in a detailed way:

i)User name --> It is mandatory field which contains email address(which should be valid)
ii)Password  --> It is a mandatory field that should be strong which should accepts only 6 to 13 chars

2. Home page
IT should contains all the modules(compose email,promotion etc)

BAsed on SRS, testers starts writing the test cases.

2. Design:

i) HLD --> High level design

Macro level design document
Prepared by domain expert(Solution Architect)
They convert business req's in to high level solutions
IT contains the over all architecture of an application

With the help of HLD, they will design a table, design a database

ii)LLD --> Low level design

Micro level design document
Prepared by designers 
They convert  high level solutions in to detailed solutions
IT contains the detailed description about each n every modeules of an application
With the help of LLD, they will get program or code specification.

3.Development:
With the help of program or code specification and SRS, the dev start writing the codes and develop an application
100 modules -- > 10 developers
divide the task -->10 x 10 -->100
OnceUnit testing is completed by the dev they will send it to the testing team.

4.Testing:
   login -->functionality,feature,module  -->all are same
  Once the testing team get an app from dev team. they start testing by executing the test cases (for manual)
they start testing by executing the test scripts (for automation)

While executing the test cases, they find defects (failed test case)
Once they find have to assigned it to the dev team(developers)
DEv team should fix the defects/bugs.once all the bugs gets fixed they send it to the testing team.
The testers have to test it again (Re-testing) 
This process gets continues till all the bugs gets fixed and there is no high priority bugs.
Once the testing team feels an application is stable and it is defect free, they can send it to the deployment team.
